- [Instructor] We need to look up the tour package
by the name.
The code is not provided in the JSON import file.
We accomplish this by creating query methods
in the tour package repository interface.
So let's open Tour package repository.
And now I'm going to add a method.
I'm going to call the method find by name
passing in a string,
which is the name of the tour package.
Now back in tour service,
I'm going to use that find by name instead of find by D.
And now let's actually run the application again.
So we ran
Tomcat and it started up just fine.
It didn't throw any exceptions.
And is it magic?
Is it a miracle?
Well, no, it's not magical at all in the introspection
and reflection spring implements the method
under the covers for us
but we must follow their rules for declaring methods
and correctly map the entity properties
to the method signature.
Query methods are a great code saver
spring data JPA eliminates ugly boilerplate querying code.
To create a simple query method,
we only need to declare the return type.
Begin the signature with find by followed by an attribute
name and camelCase
and query parameters whose type match the attribute type.
Query methods signatures can span multiple entities.
You can look up the tour by the tour package code.
The tour entity has a tour package attribute
and the tour package has a code attribute
chain the attribute names and follow camelCase rules
like we do with find by tour package code.
Spring data JPA facilitates fast failure
here region is misspelled.
When spring tries to instantiate the class to implement that
repository at system startup.
It throws a property reference exception
with SQL you would not know there was a syntax error
Until the query runs.
You can make complex queries with additional filter options
such as, as and or in less than, contains and like.
Refer to the spring data JPA specification
for all the filter combinations.
As you can see the signatures on the methods become larger
as the query methods become more complex.
You can leverage complex JQUL queries inside the repository
interface by using the app query annotation.
Here look up tours runs the same query as
find by tour package code
and difficulty and region
and price less than
but the signature is much cleaner.
At query methods signatures do not need
to follow declaration rules.
The scope of this course does not include JPQL
but you should be aware of this as an alternative.
Refer to the spring data JPA specification
for a complete description.
This has been a brief overview of spring data JPA.
A deeper dive is found in my spring data course.
I encourage you to explore this feature further
as it quickly becomes the most popular
and convenient method to interact with relational databases.